CMSIS-Zone Example for the Microchip SAML11
===========================================

This examples demonstrates the usage of CMSIS-Zone for configuring the
TrustZone configuration for the Microchip SAML11 TrustZone example.

The CMSIS-Zone project and configuration is stored in Zone folder. See below for
a quick step guide how to open and inspect the configuration.

The adopted MDK project is stored in MDK folder. See further below for a quick step
guide how to open and debug the demo on a SAML11 Xplained board.


CMSIS-Zone Configuration
------------------------

The Zone configuration can be loaded in CMSIS-Zone by perfoming the following steps:

1. Start CMSIS-Zone utility (i.e. eclipse.exe)
2. Import project
   - File > Import > Existing Projects into Workspace
   - Select root directory: Examples/SAML11/Zone
   - Projects: SAML11
3. Open SAML11.azone from Project Explorer
4. Click the Generate button in the Zone Editor tool bar
   All FreeMarker templates from ftl folder (\*.ftl) are generated into ftl_gen folder:
   - flash.dbgconf.lst contains a textual dump of all information gathered for the fuse bit configuration.
   - flash.dbgconf contains a debug configuration file for MDK, that programs the memory map related fuse bits.
   - scatter_ns.sct contains a scatter file for the non-secure application.
   - scatter_s.sct contains a scatter file for the secure application.
  
The example zone configuration shows a minimal resource partitioning needed for
TrustZone devices, i.e. Secure and NonSecure zones.

MDK Example Project
-------------------

This example project shows the TrustZone setup for Microchip
Cortex-M23 based ATSAML11E16A device on the SAML11 Xplained Pro evaluation kit.

The application demonstrates function calls between secure and non-secure states.

Secure application (sApp):
 - Setup code and start non-secure application.
 - Implements secure functions and interface callable from non-secure application

Non-secure application (nsApp):
 - Calls a secure function from non-secure state.


Notes: 
 - The debugger configuration file generated by the CMSIS-Zone project will be copied after a build run. 
   This is set as a user command in "Options for Target..." => "User" => "Run #1". The command used is:
   xcopy ..\..\Zone\ftl_gen\flash.dbgconf .\DebugConfig\SAML11_s_ATSAML11E16A.dbgconf /Y

 - The debugger configurations as well as UROW and BOCOR parameters are done in sApp\DebugConfig\SAML11_s_ATSAML11E16A.dbgconf
   and in nsApp\DebugConfig\SAML11_ns_ATSAML11E16A.dbgconf files.
   
 - See "Options for Target.."=> "Debug" tab => "Settings.." button => "Pack" tab, to find where the dbgconf is specified.
  
 - The SAML11_s_ATSAML11E16A.dbgconf is prepared for the uVision config wizard, to allow easy customization. Just open it in the editor.

 - SAML11 device programming in uVision is explained in Application Note 315: www.keil.com/appnotes/docs/apnt_315.asp